2	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge .
3	the tone is balanced  reflective and reasonable .
4	a stunning piece of visual poetry that will  hopefully  be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia 's film history .
1	a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
2	a gorgeous  somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
2	chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
2	fans of the tv series will be disappointed  and everyone else will be slightly bored .
1	the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
4	the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
3	while surprisingly sincere  this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
1	the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch  elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
2	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
1	my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
0	denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
2	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
3	what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
0	this is a throwaway  junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
0	if melville is creatively a great whale  this film is canned tuna .
2	yes  you are  ben kingsley .
1	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
3	this concoction  so bizarre to the adult mind  is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
4	fans of behan 's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
3	if your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests  if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror  this is your ticket .
3	must be seen to be believed .
3	( schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic  qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
1	an often-deadly boring  strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
0	there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility  not an event that is believable  not a confrontation that is not staged  not a moment that is not false .
3	legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir  borstal boy  has been given a loving screen transferral .
1	the thrill is ( long ) gone .
1	as an actor  the rock is aptly named .
2	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
